Add @userschema endpoint for getting the user schema. (#707)
plone/plone.restapi: docs/source/endpoints/userschema.md

> ---

Reviewer: This file needs to be included in `endpoints/index.md` as a `toctree` entry after `users`.

Here is its current preview:
https://deploy-preview-707--plone-restapi.netlify.app/endpoints/userschema.html

Reviewer: This one was missed. Please do this, and then I approve. Thank you!

myst:
  html_meta:

>     "description": "Given a user in the site one can get its properties and available fields."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "description": "Given a user in the site, one can get its properties and available fields."
```

>     "property=og:description": "Given a user in the site one can get its properties and available fields."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "property=og:description": "Given a user in the site, one can get its properties and available fields."
```

    "property=og:title": "User schema"
    "keywords": "Plone, plone.restapi, REST, API, Users, profile"
---

# User schema

> .. note::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     This is only available on Plone 5.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```{note}
    This is only available on Plone 5.
```
````

> Users in Plone have a set of properties defined by a default set of fields like `fullname`, `email`, `portrait`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users in Plone have a set of properties defined by a default set of fields such as `fullname`, `email`, `portrait`, and so on.
```

> These properties define the site user's profile and the user itself via the Plone UI or the site managers can add them in a variety of ways (eg. using PAS plugins.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These properties define the site user's profile and the user itself via the Plone UI, or the site managers can add them in a variety of ways including PAS plugins.
```

These fields are dynamic and customizable by integrators so they do not adhere to a fixed schema interface.
This dynamic schema is exposed by this endpoint in order to build the user's profile form.

## Getting the user schema

> To get the current user schema make a request to the `/@userschema` endpoint::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the current user schema, make a request to the `/@userschema` endpoint.
```

```{eval-rst}
..  http:example:: curl httpie python-requests

>     :request: ../../src/plone/restapi/tests/http-examples/userschema.req

Reviewer: I am surprised that this actually shows up in the preview. Double-check the path.

```suggestion
    :request: ../../../src/plone/restapi/tests/http-examples/userschema.req
```

```

> The server will respond with the user schema::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server will respond with the user schema.
```

> ```{literalinclude} ../../src/plone/restapi/tests/http-examples/userschema.resp

Reviewer: This does not appear in the preview.

https://deploy-preview-707--plone-restapi.netlify.app/endpoints/userschema.html

Try this:

```suggestion
```{literalinclude} ../../../src/plone/restapi/tests/http-examples/userschema.resp
```

   :language: http
```

> The user schema uses the same serialization as the types JSON schema one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user schema uses the same serialization as the type's JSON schema.
```

> See {ref}`types-schema` for a detailed documentation about the available field types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See {ref}`types-schema` for detailed documentation about the available field types.
```
